Added question about Golden Treasure (#8)
CarletonComputerScienceSociety/ai-discord-bot: questions/Golden-Treasure.md

> # The Golden Treasure

Reviewer: Nice name!

## Question

Welcome to **The Golden Treasure**

> You are stranded on an island with one other person. To get back to land, you have to dig up a treasure. The only problem? The treasure is behind a very secure lock. The only way to break the lock is to ask The Second Monster to open it. The Second Monster demands you to solve a problem he has. Including 0, sum up all the elements at the indexes which divide evenly into 2 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are stranded on an island with one other person. To get back to land, you have to dig up a treasure. The only problem? The treasure is behind a very secure lock. The only way to break the lock is to ask The Second Monster to open it. The Second Monster demands you to solve a problem he has. Including 0, sum up all the elements at even-numbered indices
```

> You are stranded on an island with one other person. To get back to land, you have to dig up a treasure. The only problem? The treasure is behind a very secure lock. The only way to break the lock is to ask The Second Monster to open it. The Second Monster demands you to solve a problem he has. Including 0, sum up all the elements at the indexes which divide evenly into 2 

Reviewer 3: Very fun that the Monster is named after their puzzle

## Input

Given a sample input list like this 
```python
numbers = [5,18,2,35,19,20,9]
```
Turn it into an output like 
```python
    sum = 5+2+19+9 
    sum = 35

> ```

Reviewer: This is a great example 👍

You take the elements starting from 0 and then take every 2nd element after that. So it'd be 5+2+19+9

## Sample Solution
```python

> list1 = [32,55,1,23,55,46,78]

Reviewer 3: Looks great here. Only thing is maybe avoid variables like List1 in cases where you are using lots of variables
